# Cellphone-Reviews-Analysis
In today's world, businesses are shifting online, the information availability has increased exponentially. Using this information we can gain some powerful insights by processing, analyzing and visualizing the data available to us. With the developments and innovations in the industry, this vast amount of data is available to us on various devices such as cell phones, tablets, laptops and computers.  A Cell Phone is one of the most essential things to us now-a-days as we are mostly dependent on it as it keeps us connected to people, helps in getting our tasks done, provides sources of entertainment and so on. Choosing the best Cell Phone is very essential as it is the one thing that people spend most of their time on.  Amazon is one of the largest and most successful retailers for electronic devices. Most people buy electronic devices such as Cell phones from Amazon. The reviews on Amazon are essential because they help retailers and manufacturers know why a customer dislikes or likes a product, saving them millions of dollars each year from conducting customer surveys.  In this analysis, the goal is to help customers choose the best Cell Phones by analyzing the reviews posted on www.amazon.com. for different cellphone brands such as Apple, Motorola, Samsung, Xiaomi, etc., to gain valuable insights on the different cellphone brands and visualize the data to identify the various patterns and trends in the reviews for each cellphone brand. Furthermore, we perform sentiment analysis on the reviews for each cellphone brand in order to analyze the sentiments of the reviews based on whether the customers like or dislike the cellphones. Based on the sentiment analysis, we analyze the sentiments of the reviews to identify any similarities or differences in the sentiments/opinions of the different users for the different cellphone brands or any particular cellphone model.
